feat(blog): establish blog guidelines (#1311)
cncf/tag-security: governance/blog-guidelines.md

### Formatting

- **File Name**: Blog Files should be dash-case `.md` markdown filetype.
- **Headings**: Use appropriate headings (H1, H2, H3, etc.) to structure your post.
- **Paragraphs**: Keep paragraphs short and focused.
- **Lists**: Use bullet points or numbered lists to highlight key points.
- **Tags**: Include relevant tags in the blog for filtering capabilities.
- **Code**: Use code blocks for any code snippets.
- **Images**: Include relevant images and graphics to enhance the content.

### Front Matter

The start of each blog document should contain the `frontmatter` information.

Required `frontmatter` fields:

- **title**: Title-case title for the blog post
- **author**: Name of blog post author

Note: **date** can be included but will be appended to the `frontmatter` when publication date is decided.

#### Example

```yaml
---
title:  "New Informative Blog Post"
date:   2024-06-26 09:00:00 -0700
author: R. Raccoon
---
```

### Length

- Aim for 500-1200 words. Ensure the content is comprehensive yet concise.

## Submission Review Process

### Submission

1. **Draft**: Write your blog post in a markdown file under `tag-security/website/content/blog`

> 2. **Submission Pull Request**: Submit your draft using the [blog submission template](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/blog-submission.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Submission Pull Request**: Submit your draft using the [blog submission template](/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/blog-submission.md).
```

This should fix the broken link check. Though I'm not sure whether or not it needs the leading `/`

Author: This is true - although it might haunt us on the website

Reviewer: Looks like it worked!

Author: Open to making this change - need to think more about links that point to locations not included in the website

Reviewer: Heh. I need to stop reviewing PRs in middle of long travel legs— thought you already applied the change here. If it doesn't work, we can just merge it with the hard path.

> 2. **Submission Pull Request**: Submit your draft using the [blog submission template](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/blog-submission.md).

Reviewer: New comment on this line... I was just going back through the file from top-to-bottom on the website and noticed that this line stands out as unclear.

"Submission Pull Request" doesn't have clear meaning to me. It's even foggier when noting that the link is to a GitHub Issue Template— nothing related to a pull request.

Author: ah good point - I mentally combined the "submission" of the issue with the "submission" of the PR. Will revise.

### Review

1. **Initial Review**: The collective team will perform an initial review.
2. **Feedback**: You may receive feedback and requests for revisions.
3. **Revisions**: Address the feedback and resubmit your revised draft.
4. **Final Review**: The team conducts a final review to ensure quality.

### Reviewer Criteria

1. **Content**: Submission abides by all `Content Creation` guidelines established above.

> 2. **Sponsor**: Submission is sponsored by the STAG directly or an STAG WG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Sponsor**: Submission is sponsored by a STAG Co-Chair, Tech Lead, or Project Lead
```

- **Community Stories**: Highlight contributors, events, and community achievements.
- **Opinion Pieces**: Discuss trends, challenges, and the future of open source.

### Writing Style

- **Clarity**: Write in clear, concise language. Avoid jargon unless it's well-explained.
- **Engagement**: Make your post interesting and engaging. Use anecdotes and examples.
- **Accuracy**: Ensure all information is accurate and up-to-date.
- **Inclusivity**: Use inclusive language and be respectful to all readers.

### Formatting

- **Headings**: Use appropriate headings (H1, H2, H3, etc.) to structure your post.
- **Paragraphs**: Keep paragraphs short and focused.
- **Lists**: Use bullet points or numbered lists to highlight key points.
- **Tags**: Include relevant tags in the blog for filtering capabilities.
- **Code**: Use code blocks for any code snippets.
- **Images**: Include relevant images and graphics to enhance the content.

### Length

- Aim for 500-1200 words. Ensure the content is comprehensive yet concise.

## Submission Review Process

### Submission

1. **Draft**: Write your blog post in a markdown file.

> 2. **Submission Pull Request**: Submit your draft using the [blog submission template](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/blog-submission.md).

Reviewer 2: +1 . also IMHO we may need to clarify whether there is a naming convention for blog post markdown files and for the headings of blog posts so that they are displayed correctly in the website, e.g::

```markdown
---
title:  "Website Re-Launch at CNSC '24"
date:   2024-06-26 09:00:00 -0700
author: Eddie Knight 
---
```

> 2. **Submission Pull Request**: Submit your draft using the [blog submission template](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/blog-submission.md).

Author: @mrcdb Added a section for `Front Matter` for article title. Appended an item to `Formatting` to include file naming conventions.

@eddie-knight Appended an item to Draft which contains the path to the blog article location.

### Review

1. **Initial Review**: The collective team will perform an initial review.
2. **Feedback**: You may receive feedback and requests for revisions.
3. **Revisions**: Address the feedback and resubmit your revised draft.

> 4. **Final Review**: The team conducts a final review to ensure quality.

Author: Added a `Review Criteria` Section to take a first pass at criteria.

### Approval

- **Acceptance**: Once approved, your post will be scheduled for publication.

> - **Notification**: You will be notified of the publication date - A repo maintainer may update this field prior to merge.

Reviewer: Should we add some more detail here regarding who is reviewing and who is approving/merging?

Author: Should review be acceptable for any "maintainer" in the repository? I'm assuming that current maintainers are chairs/TL's?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think it'll be fine
